# sunny.github.io

This page is To Do List Page. This page is developed in theme of notebook page. The page has red and lightskyblue borders to give feel of notebook page and font color of shade of blue which gives a feeling of blue ink with font size as cursive to give a feel of handwriting. You have to type task in "Type here..." and press enter or click on plus icon to add the task. If you don't add anything in input box and press enter, the page will throw an alert. When you add the task, task will appear in task list. You can click on checkbox to mark it as completed or uncompleted. If you mark it as complete, font color of task will become grey and a strikethough will come on task. If you click on "Mark as Complete", all task in task list will be marked as complete. If you click on "Clear Completed", all the tasks marked as complete will be deleted from the list. If you want to delete a individual task, you have to click on cross icon which hidden on the right side the task, when you hover over it, cross will appear and you can click over it to delete that particular task. The task counter is there in left bottom corner which shows a count of uncompleted tasks which changes according to the task list. In right bottom corner, there is option to filter out the tasks based on their status. If you click on "Completed", the tasks marked as completed will appear. If you click on "Uncompleted", the tasks marked as uncompleted will appear. If you click on "All", all tasks will appear whether it is marked as complete or uncomplete.
